The Whisper Man
3/10

Summary: Uninspired, unoriginal thriller. Feels like legitimately almost everyone involved half-assed this movie for a paycheck from Netflix, with only a few small exceptions.

Plot synopsis (without spoilers): It's pretty classic from the get go; 30 years ago, unnamed-small-town-slash-city was tormented by a serial killer who targeted young boys called "The Whisper Man". Just recently, two new cases pop up that match his MO exactly; but he's still in prison, woooooo how could this happen.
In the meantime, recently-widowed Adam Scott (legit don't remember any character names in this movie) moves to said small town with his son. I don't think it's a spoiler to say the obvious; his son is abducted, going to be killed in just a couple of days based on the previous cases. Out of desperation, Adam Scott has to call up his estranged father, played by Robert de Niro, who happens to be an ex-cop who was involved in catching the Whisper Man 30 years ago.

--------

Writing: Ok, first of all, we know the premise isn't the most original. Just reading it you probably get a feeling of "didn't they already make this movie?" or at least I did. 
That doesn't mean it had to be bad; a lot of cliched premises are cliches for a reason, cause compelling stories can be made with them. For this one in particular, despite the base premise being unoriginal, there's still a ton of potential in the character dynamics, the way they approach the case, and most of all in the villain themselves for interesting, original, and/or compelling writing.

The Whisper Man does none of that. It takes what little potential it's given by the compelling nature of its classic premise and says "no thank you, I'll just stay boring". Not *absolutely* everything plays out exactly how you'd think it would, but it's pretty damn close. The reveal of who the current killer is strikes me as PARTICULARLY lame; it's given almost no setup, and what setup there was for it is bad. And that's really bad, because the reveal of who the current killer is should be like the peak of a film like this.

Also, has to be said, this film is like the fucking king of clunky exposition. Each of the first few scenes are basically stopped in the middle so a character can explain the context and background, even when we the viewer probably could've picked up what they're explaining from context clues and decent writing. They might as well have just had a gd voiceover do it, it'd be less intrusive than trying to believe the dialogue as written.

It also contains one of the clunkiest, most obvious Chekovs Guns for the final fight I've ever seen. I won't even describe it due to spoilers, but trust me, you will know it when you see it.

I legitimately cannot think of a single upside to the writing; if there's any upside to this film to be found, it's in other aspects.

------

Cinematography: It's not great, it's not terrible. It's fine. It stands on the shoulders of many good thrillers before it, but somehow while staying exactly the same height as them, if not shorter. There are a couple decent shots, but not striking enough that I remember them, and the rest are bland. 

There was one (1) shot that spooked me a little and was not the most obvious thing they could've done, but it's a very slight spoiler. When the ||gloved hand reached through the mail slot behind the son and just like felt around, then Adam Scott screams and runs to the door, shoves his son away, then rips it open and looks out to find nothing,|| that actually freaked me out a lil, that was pretty good. But one decent shot does not salvage this movie.

I'm not even going to include a section on sound design because I have the same things to say about it as the cinematography, minus the one good scene; it was fine. It was pretty standard thriller stuff; building tension marked by strings and long low notes, boiling tea kettle sound used to drive up tension between two characters, etc etc you've seen it before.

-----

Acting: Here again, I feel like everyone just phoned it in. I KNOW Adam Scott and Robert De Niro can act better than this, the latter especially. But both of them just come off as eh, especially De Niro, who I have higher expectations of of the two. He legit seemed like the whole movie he's just thinking about what type of chicken he's going to eat for dinner after shooting wraps for the day.

The police captain lady who works with De Niro is fine. The various side characters are fine; that one weird dude they interview does ok being a weird dude, but def not anything special. I've certainly seen worse child actors than the son, so relatively speaking he's doing pretty well and I'm sure he has a career ahead, but it wasn't anything crazy. It was fine. To avoid spoilers, I won't hint at which actor/actress plays the killer who's revealed, but I feel like they did a particularly poor job, both before and after reveal; it was the kind of performance that wants to hint at deeper feelings beneath the surface but doesn't actually have any thought out, so it feels like a very shallow portrayal of a maniac.

There is ONE exception: I feel like Michael Keaton, who plays the original Whisper Man who's now in prison, did an excellent job. I wasn't sure what to expect when they go in to interview the old maniac, probably one of the classics; you can basically go the Hannibal Lecter route, you can go the Joker route, or you can go the creepy-monster-that-doesn't-talk route. The problem with these, of course, is that they've been done enough that they've pretty much been perfected in other films. They can be good, but usually they've just already been done better. From the way the characters were describing him, I was expecting one of these for sure, probably one of the first two.

But Michael Keaton pleasantly surprised me by playing this man in a way I completely didn't expect; he comes off initially as sort of awkward, quiet and polite but fumbling with his words a bit like he's uncomfortable or confused, clearly old and seemingly  nonthreatening. THEN as he starts talking, starts quietly saying weirder things that throw you off-balance and making these little aside comments clearly meant to get under the skin of the other people present while still carrying a layer of plausible deniability, you start to become uncomfortable, you start to figure out how this guy could be a serial killer. I haven't seen one of these characters acted this way before, and I feel like Michael Keaton did an excellent job with it.

If there is one standout scene in the whole movie, it's ||De Niros last confrontation with Keaton in the prison interrogation room, just the two of them alone||, and even then it's very much carried by Michael Keaton.

Other: The sets are fine, the props are fine, everything is just... fine. Boring. And if there's one thing you don't want your thriller to be, it's boring.

If anything, this film seems like a classic cash-grab on a popular IP; apparently the book that it's based on is quite good and has a cult following. I'd be inclined to believe it; as I said, the premise can be very compelling, and it definitely wouldn't be the first shitty book adaptation.

-----

Conclusion: I went into this movie because I wanted to watch a classic detective thriller, one where a mysterious killer is creepy, seems omniscient, and somehow gets caught by some combination of a grizzled, jaded retiree and the optimistic up-and-comer. I saw this, and it fit the bill. And, as if the monkeys paw curled a finger at my wish, it was exactly that, but in the worst and most boring possible way.

I'd love to say that Michael Keatons standout performance is good enough to make this worth watching, but it isn't. It's too much shit to wade through for the one gem.

If you want a movie like this but good, watch Se7en. Watch Prisoners (a rare non-Wolverine Hugh Jackman appearance, and he kills it). Fuck it, watch Silence of the Lambs. But do yourself a favor and toss this movie into the recycle bin where it belongs.