
BUGS:

COPY JOKERS NOTES TRANSFER:



TO REFRESH A COPY JOKER WITH A NEW DATABLOCK
the steps involved:
1. Run all onremoves of the copied joker
2. Stop listening on all listeners of the copied joker
3. Remove all copied listeners from the listener list
4. Clear the listener list
5. Remove all datadict entries of copied
6. remove all onadd and onremoves of copied
7. copy in data dict of new copied
8. copy in new onadds of new copied
9. copy in new onremoves of new copied
10. copy in new listeners of new copied
11. start listening to all new listeners
AddJokerEffs in JokerZone does the following:
- start listening to all listeners
- trigger all ongains

NOTE:
You know, a problem is kind of created that solves itself.
Listeners, when copied over by reference, will refer to the original data dict, not the one on the copier itself.
But in MOST cases, that's kinda what we want already: i.e. any card that rolls randomly, like a random rank/suit on idol, we want the copier to have the same one as the idol its copying. so it works.
only place where it breaks is when the listeners, onadds, or onremoves MODIFY those values; for example, Runner, when you play a straight, boosts its own chips.
The onScoring trigger will correctly refer to the Runner data dict for amount to boost by, but the onHandPlayedCalculated trigger will also refer to the runners data dict when it boosts, giving the Runner double boost per straight played while copied.
The only thing I can think of, sadly, is manually flagging where listeners, onadds, and onremoves should not be copied.
HOWEVER, the good news is that I think we can just ignore datadict entirely; for the listeners, onadds, onremoves that do get copied, they can just continue referring to the originals datadict.

JOKERS THAT HAVE SOME LISTENERS NOT TO COPY:
Ceremonial Dagger (listener that handles sacrifice, but keep mult gain)
Loyalty Card (listener that does countdown, but keep mult mult)
Gros Michel (want mult gain, but not self destruction)
Ride the bus (copy mult gain, but not handplaydone mult data reset/gain)
Runners even worse cause like it has data gain and chip gain in the same listener
	Assuming we split those into separate listeners then same as these others
Ice Cream
Sixth Sense (once the first one goes off and sets data FIRSTHAND to 0, none of the later ones will go off)
Constellation (copy multmult gain, not multmult data gain)
Green Joker (see ride the bus)
Cavendish (see Gros Michel)
Red Card
Madness
Square Joker
Vampire
Hologram
XXXRocket
Obelisk
Midas Mask
XXXTurtle Bean
Lucky Cat
Flash Card
Popcorn
Spare Trousers
Ramen
Seltzer
Castle
Campfire
Hanging Chad (the ready up trigger undone by the first one)
Glass Joker
Flower Pot (technically this one we could pass all cards in scoring hand to EngineCardTriggerArgs to calc on-the-spot)
Wee Joker
Hit The Road
XXXInvisible Joker
Burnt Joker
Canio
Yorick

JOKERS WITH OTHER COPY PROBLEMS
XXXChaos the Clown only gives one free reroll per shop, no buffer for multiple; however, based on wording, that's fine?? desc explicitly says 1, not +1, but idk. also maybe not copyable.
XXXShortcut

OTHER PROBLEM
All triggers with a source will see the source as the copied joker, not as the blueprint/brainstorm.
Visual problem, otherwise only an issue for modded stuff.
It basically will behave the same as if that joker is being retriggered.

An alternative option; set up a "pass-thru" joker. Basically another hidden joker to handle everything, but all systems treat it like 
OK OK SOLUTION
a true hidden joker
on refresh, if the target is valid, build its data block anew from the jokerdb PASSING IN THE COPIER
then copy the targets datadict to the new one
this solves a lot of the weird jokers
but not all of them

STILL A PROBLEM:
Ceremonial Dagger: the real weird thing is that Blueprint/Brainstorm DO NOT truly copy ceremonial dagger; they get whatever mult it has, but they don't perform destruction like it does, making it not a true copy. This makes special case handling REQUISITE no matter what our final approach, as a truly copied dagger on blueprint just eats the original dagger.
Madness: same as above
Cavendish and Gros Michel: won't destroy itself like they do.
Vampire: after the enhancement is eaten by the original, nothing for the copies to eat, but they should still keep in step with originals mult.

I think that's it though?
So solution: give Jokerdatablocks a null-initialized "post-copying-action"  to handle special cases, only called by Blueprint/Brainstorm
This takes care of all of them EXCEPT Vampire; just remove the listener for the part you don't want, i.e. destruction.
For Vampire I think we just gotta get gross; static global list of cards that got cleared this turn. Then in the mult adder, if those exist AND our owning cards joker data block is not null and not ourselves (ensure it's a copier, not another Vampire, which should NOT gain the extra mult), gain the additional multmult. 
Clear the static global list at end of round I guess? Yeah new Vamp end-of-round listener.
super duper gross, but it works.
